Nikhil/docs migration (#1)
tmr-tau/tmr-tau.github.io: docs/source/usage/git/git_2fa.rst

Setting up two-factor authentication in GitLab
----------------------------------------------

Login to your account here [https://qtmcop.tmr.qld.gov.au]

> If you don't have an account, contact `TAU <qtmcop@tmr.qld.gov.au>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't have an account, contact `TAU <transport_analysis_requests@tmr.qld.gov.au>`_.
```
